What's one of your favorite episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation -- and why do you love it so?
What's one of your favorite episode of Star Trek: Voyager -- and why do you love it so?
What's one of your favorite episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine -- and why do you love it so?
Who is one of your favorite non-Starfleet characters?  What makes you like them?
Has an episode of Trek changed your life in any meaningful way? Which episode and how?
Who is your favorite captain?  What makes them your favorite?
Who is your favorite officer?  What makes them your favorite?
Which series has had the most impact on your life?  How has it affected you?
Come up with a new Star Trek series idea.  Flesh it out!
Who is a character you *LOVE* to hate? Elaborate!
Which special guest star should have had more episodes? What else could they have done?
Who is your favorite special guest star and why do you like them?
What's a sound effect in Star Trek that makes you happy?  Is there a sound effect you can't stand?
What's your first clear Star Trek memory?
What's an unanswered question from Trek that you'd like to know the answer to?
What position would you like to hold on a starship and why?
What's a TV show that would be fun to crossover with Star Trek?  What would it look like?!
There's not enough Star Trek games.  Come up with a good idea for one!
What do you think is the funniest episode of Trek, and why?
Is there a character you used to not like, but now you do?  What happened?
Come up with a short plot for a Trek episode. Include at least: Episode title, A plot, B plot, and the lesson learned!
What technology from Trek would you bring back to the 21st century?  What would you do with it?
What's the last Trek episode you watched? Give us a review!
Which character from Trek do you relate to the most? In what ways are you alike?
Describe an episode of Trek using emojis, and let others try to guess which ep!
Assume you have been cryogenically frozen, and then thawed in the 24th century.  What would you do with your life?!
What's your favorite "bad" Trek episode?  What's your favorite part about it?
What's a dropped Star Trek plot that you want revisted?  How would you further flesh out the plot?
Porn aside, what's a holodeck adventure you'd like to go on?  What kind of things would you like to see happen?  Safeties on or off?
If you were in Star Trek's utopian 24th century, would you want to work for Starfleet?  Or would you rather be a free citizen?  What would you do!?
If you could guest star on a Trek episode, what kind of character or role would you want to play?  Which series?!
Which Trek main cast actor would you most like to have dinner with? What would the two of you talk about? Is there one burning question you really want answered?
Where were you in life when you saw your first Trek? Describe everything you can remember.
If you were a changeling, what kind of things would you transform into? What kind of utility could you add to your life with this power?
Is there a holodeck adventure from Trek that you'd like to see more of? What did you like about it? How would you continue the story?
Have you ever introduced someone to Star Trek who had never seen it before? What did you show them and how did they react? Are they still fans?
Which two characters would you mash together in a transporter accident, and what would you name them?  What kind of adventures would they get up to?
Imagine there's a musical episode of your favorite Trek series. What would some of the songs be named? What style of music? Who would get the big solo number?
Is there an actor you'd like to see in Star Trek that hasn't showed up yet? What kind of role would you cast them in?
A sentient spatial anomaly grants you three replicator rations to use as you please: what three things would you replicate?
If you were to get a Trek tattoo, what would you get and why? If you already have Trek tattoos, tell us about them!